After 41 years of construction, the ur mini was
2001 of the new mini replaced under bmw
Regie created a retro model with the
fundamental virtues of the British cult
small car that quickly to
coveted lifestyle object evolved
all thanks to its design of the extreme
agile driving behavior and the good
brakes, the mini is in great demand
There are 7 engine variants for the
first mini of the new 5 1 6-liter
gasoline engines afford 90 ps in the mini one
up to 218 hp in the very sporty john
cooper works gp to come 2 1 4 liters
diesel with 75 and 90 ps to the lively
The life of the little Briton fits best
the 115 ps strong cooper
comfort for its size offers the mini
in front a very decent space
in the back it is a matter of concept
pretty tight
the most used mini convince
by a very good level of equipment
after all , the Bavarian brite is considered
as a premium tip esp costs at the new
mini basically surcharge on purchase
necessarily cost careful
the price level of the mini is still
very high is simply popular
Unfortunately, he is also vulnerable and the
processing quality in detail it yet
to be desired in the
Insurance classification, on the other hand, exists
little to moan
The mini is extremely cheap here
cost tip the list of the first
nine ministers exhaust and gear
should definitely be checked yet
Better a used one with a dealer
warranty buy used car check
Conclusion of the mini of the series 50 shines
with his design his image and his
impressive sporting vote
Going mini means gokart feeling
and pure fun
negative the gasoline engines of chrysler
do not have the best reputation
That also applies to the reliability
the new mini keeps its popularity
In addition, the prices high with the farc
looking for the deepest and stylist small car
the mini still does not come by